{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1187\cocoasubrtf340
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18960\viewh23280\viewkind1
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\sl288\slmult1\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 I. Three user-stories for Freegate Island Resort
\b0 \
\
1. Married couple, Bill and Nancy, in their 50's. Christmas vacation. No family. Regulars. Wealthy workaholics. Want to get away from busy, stressful lifestyle - rejuvenate at the spa, enjoy natural herbal therapies, and local food, the beach, swimming, quiet. They like to stay connected to news and internet/email. Enjoy exploring, reading, hiking, getting some sun, befriending locals. They enjoy the culture and "going native." \
\
2. Wealthy family with 3 kids under 12, plus the nanny. Spring break vacation. Looking for fun in the tropics. Swimming, boating, beach, nature, ac, internet, tv. Private so the other guests wont be bothered  by the noise of a young family. Convenient, spacious. Concierge around the clock is perfect. \
\
3. Three couples - models in their low 20's. Not married. Looking for healthy food, sunshine, nightlife, sleeping, privacy, spa, exercise, drinking, excitement, socializing. Enjoy exploring the the secrets of the island - both the natural beauty of the tropics and the hip urban scene. Fires on the beach, yachts, swimming, exotic shopping, herbal therapy, jacuzzi, massage, fashion.  \
\
\

\b II. Three user stories for Kids R Kids (Local toy store)
\b0 \
\
\
1. 30 something mom on her way to a birthday party with two kids under 7 in tow. Looking for a gift and wrapping while you wait. Store specializes in personalizing gifts by drawing their name and graphics on gifts, such as a tray table, water bottle, pencil case, piggy-bank, door-hanger. Local high school girls do the artwork.\
\
\
2. Family needs presents for overseas relatives. Five cousins ranging from ages 3 - 12. Looking for toys without electricity, perhaps some games that don't require any english. Need variety of ages. Also looking for gifts to help pass the long trip but wont get lost along the way.\
\
\
3. Father looking for a doll for his 6 year old daughter for her birthday: very specific brand with specific hair color and clothes. }